# Authorization code request

## Authorization code flow

The first step of OAuth 2 is to get authorization from the user. 
iumiCash API accomplished this by redirecting user to an authorization page generated by iumiCash.

1. First, a link is created to redirect the user in the format as follows:

    ```bash
    https://api.iumi.cash/api/v1/oauth/authorize/?response_type=code
      &client_id=CLIENT_ID
      &redirect_uri=REDIRECT_URI
      &scope=email
      &state=1234zxc
    ```
   
2. The user sees the authorization prompt (such as username and password), 
requested scopes (such as permissions as applicable) and the application (such as the one from the vendor) that requested access.
   
3. Upon successful authentication of the user, the user will be redirected back to the vendor’s `redirect_uri` with an authorization code returned in the URL in the following format:


    ```bash
    https://example.com/callback?code=AUTH_CODE&state=1234zxc 
    ```

4. With the received `code` you can obtain `access_token` via [token request][token] procedure.


`GET /api/v1/oauth/authorize/`


### Query parameters

???+ info "Query parameters"

    `response_type` *enum*
    :   Indicates that your server expects to receive an authorization code. Possible values:
        
        * `code` 

    `client_id` *string*
    :    Public identifier of the vendor’s application. It can be obtained from a iumiCash representative.

    `redirect_uri` *URL string*
    :    Tells the authorization server where to redirect the user to after approving the request.

    `scope` *string*
    :    One or more space-separated strings indicating which permissions the application is requesting for.

    `state` *string*
    :    The application generates a random string, includes it in the request and expects it to be included in the responses. This is used to prevent CSRF attacks.

    
### Response

???+ success "Response"

    `code` *string*
    
    :    The server returns the authorization code in the query string

    `state` *string*
    
    :    The application generates a random string, includes it in the request and expects it to be included in 
         the responses. This is used to prevent CSRF attacks.


[vendor registration]: ../vendors/vendor_registration.md
[code]: #authorization-code
[order]: ../orders/index.md
[recurrent payments]: ../orders/recurrent_payment.md
[token]: ../authentication/token.md#authorization-code

